
![logo](./Tutus%20Media%20-%20360%20°%20Digital%20Media%20Planning%20and%20Purchasing%20Agency_files/2-tutus_logo.png)

WHAT WE DO? 
-----------


Tutus Media provides creative solutions in all dimensions to the
problems you encountered by realizing all your goals and purposes in
traditional and digital media in terms of communication.


WHY TUTUS? 
-----------

Taking its name from the words “reliable, confident” in Latin, Tutus has
made it a motto to be honest and transparent to its customers and has
endeavored to respond to the demands of its customers in all aspects.
Working hard to become a trustworthy and self-assured institution is the
most important aspect that differentiates Tutus from other classical
agencies.

VISUAL MEDIA
------------



### Media Purchasing [**](https://tutusmedia.com/en/media-purchasing/)

We offer media purchasing\
 services for National Turkish\
 television channels in Europe.


### Media Planning  [**](https://tutusmedia.com/en/media-planning/)

The aim of media planning is to enable you to effectively convey the
advertising message to the target audience.



### Media Tracking  [**](https://tutusmedia.com/en/media-tracking/)

We provide recording and classification of published advertisements and
archiving of analysis and reports.

* * * * *

DIGITAL MEDIA AND SEO AGENCY
============================


### SEO [**](https://tutusmedia.com/en/seo/)


TUTUS Media does  not approach to your\
 web page and your  brand identity with automatic  views. Along with
 SEO, it allows  you to control the tops in the search engines.



### Social Media [**](https://tutusmedia.com/en/social-media/)

As Tutus Media and along with our expert team, we are developing
concepts and managing your social media networks we are developing
concepts and managing your social media networks such as "Facebook,
Twitter, Google+, Instagram, Youtube, Linkedin"



### Adwords  [**](https://tutusmedia.com/en/adwords/)

Tutus Media,
 a Germany-based
 agency serving as
 Google Adwords GDN,
 SEM and Digital Media
 SEO agency, ensures
 you control your
 advertising spends
 with an expert team


### Newsletter   [**](https://tutusmedia.com/en/newsletter/)

The newsletter
 shares, undoubtedly
 of the most powerful
 tools of the internet
 and also preferred as
 interactive publication,
 has a very important
 position for the new
 generation companies.

* * * * *

PROGRAMMING
-----------




### Web design and programming [**](https://tutusmedia.com/en/web-design-and-programming/)

Your website is a window opening\
 to the world. As Tutus Media,\
 we design your Web site in a\
 completely manageable format\
 that fits your needs.



### E-Commerce Site [**](https://tutusmedia.com/en/e-commerce-site/)

The rapid development of the internet has made it possible for
entrepreneurs to have a lot of internet creativity. Now all
entrepreneurs have an internet project or they have an idea they want to
develop.



### Mobile Applications [**](https://tutusmedia.com/en/mobile-applications/)

Today, the use of smartphones
 is increasing every day. Now even
 more than 60% of accesses to web
 sites are from mobile. Now mobile
 solutions have become a basic necessity.

* * * * *

CREATIVE 
--------





### Production [**](https://tutusmedia.com/en/production/)

As Tutus Media, we are delivering effective solutions with our unique
production process as an experienced player in Europe with more than 10
years of experience in production business.



### Design  [**](https://tutusmedia.com/en/design/)

Another feature that distinguishes us from other agencies in the field
of design is our dominance and experience in the European market as well
as our creativity.



### Photography [**](https://tutusmedia.com/en/photography/)

Another way to draw out the strengths of your brand is photo. With
advertising photography, you can easily accomplish your marketing
communication goals.

* * * * *
